Make README nicer and more correct... (#299)
ros-controls/ros2_control: README.md

# ros2_control

[![Licence](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-Apache%202.0-blue.svg)](https://opensource.org/licenses/Apache-2.0)

|         | Foxy    | Rolling
|:-------:|:-------:|:-------:|
| Branch  | [`master`](https://github.com/ros-controls/ros2_control/tree/master) | TBD
| CI  | Linux: [![Build Status](https://github.com/ros-controls/ros2_control/workflows/Test%20ros2_control/badge.svg)](https://github.com/ros-controls/ros2_control/actions?query=workflow%3A"Test%20ros2_control")| TBD |
| Linters  | [![Linters Status](https://github.com/ros-controls/ros2_control/workflows/Lint%20ros2_control/badge.svg)](https://github.com/ros-controls/ros2_control/actions?query=workflow%3A"Lint+ros2_control")| TBD |

## About
This package is a part of the ros2_control framework. 

> For further description check the [documentation](https://github.com/ros-controls/control.ros.org).

Reviewer: Shouldn't it point to https://ros-controls.github.io/control.ros.org/ and later to https://control.ros.org/?

If someones is reading the readme, probably they just want the doc, not the source files for the doc.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For further description check the [documentation](https://ros-controls.github.io/control.ros.org/).
```

> For further description check the [documentation](https://ros-controls.github.io/control.ros.org/).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For more, please check the [documentation](https://ros-controls.github.io/control.ros.org/).
```
